
    //
        opti.算法的测试：
            通过c++写算法和数据，通过py显示！ 
            写在omi中！
        看课件
    opti.
        line fitting, curve fitting 
    ik 
        cg2 slides 
            IK is a ill-posed problem 
            as in example on  the right
            unsolvable leading to oscillations during IK
            how IK on a whole human body is different from IK on a single arm.
            several end effector constraints
            character animation.
            comfortable with math
            foot placement, arm grabbing door
            configuration space
            fundamental task of IK is to control degrees of freedom to attain goal
            CCD only handles serial chains
            serial chains
            CCD must start at a fixed root
            ik with several end effector
            non-serial chains 
        http://www.chrishecker.com/Inverse_kinematics
        Cyclic Coordinate Descent (CCD) 
            used to generate initial
                guess for secondary method with fast convergence rate
                close to optimum 
            coordinate descent can be implemented efficiently as the
                line search problem can be solved analytically
            
    heat diffusion 
    skel. fitting 
        也是一个最优化问题
        网上有很多最优化问题的c++实现，但是py对于可视化很方便
        用c++计算，而后写入文件，通过py渲染
    CMU Graphics Lab Motion Capture Database
    Acclaim ASF/AMC
        https://research.cs.wisc.edu/graphics/Courses/cs-838-1999/Jeff/ASF-AMC.html
            The Acclaim format is made up of two files, a skeleton file and a motion file
            ASF file (Acclaim Skeleton File)
            AMC file (Acclaim Motion Capture data).
            Each segment has information regarding the way the segment is to be drawn as well as information that can be 
                used for physical dynamics programs, inverse kinematic programs or skinning programs.
            One of the peculiar features of the ASF file is the requirement that there be no gaps in the skeleton. 
            A limitation of the ASF definition is that only one root exist in the scene
            this doesn't prevent a file from cleverly containing two skeletons attached to the root but it does make such a construction clumsy.
            Examine the example file
            all start with a colon ":".
            indicate the beginning of a section of data.
    Documentation Mocap Database HDM05 https://www.researchgate.net/figure/Neutral-poses-of-the-ASF-skeleton-left-and-the-BVH-skeleton-right-The-respective_fig3_231521391
        Neutral poses of the ASF skeleton (left) and the BVH skeleton (right). 
        For the BVH skeleton, the local coordinate systems are aligned with the world system
        The axes are color-coded as red, green, and blue arrows
        standing for the x , y , and z axis
        record human motions at high spatial and temporal resolutions.
        synthesize realistic motion sequences in datadriven computer animation
        analysis, synthesis and classification of motion capture data
        evaluation of the achieved research results.
        well-documented motion  capture data
        optical marker-based technology, which  yields very clean and detailed motion capture data
        40–50 retro-reflective markers attached to a suit
        the system can then  reconstruct the 3D marker positions with high precision
        Then, the data is cleaned with the aid of semi-automatic gap  filling algorithms exploiting kinematic constraints.
        exploiting kinematic constraints
        the resulting 3D trajectory data
        can introduce significant artifacts
        First, ASF/AMC data comprises  an explicit skeleton structure, providing information about bones, joints, and the assembly  of these basic elements into a skeleton
        BVH
        ASF files are bone-based in contrast to the joint-based  BVH files
        The Euler conventions for ASF and AMC files  are always based on a right-to-left multiplication order
        The following excerpt from an ASF file was taken from the CMU database
	Biovision BVH skeleton https://research.cs.wisc.edu/graphics/Courses/cs-838-1999/Jeff/BVH.html
        a motion capture services company, as a way to provide motion capture data to their customers. 
        The name BVH stands for Biovision hierarchical data
        its only drawback is the lack of a full definition of the basis pose (this format has only translational offsets of children segments from their parent, no rotational offset is defined)
        The motion section begins with the keyword "MOTION"
        this is 30 frames a second the usual rate of sampling in a BVH file.
    cmu graphics course about mocap https://research.cs.wisc.edu/graphics/Courses/cs-838-1999/Jeff/MoCapTOC.html
    pinnoccio library
    dof adjestment 
        render a local frame, adjest to bone direction 
        adjest dofs, by draging the arrow 
        fix/define with boxgui button 
    numerical optimization
    rotation with quaternion
    humanoid character animation