

    09.09.2020 
        usage 
        merge to dev 
        additional reqirements
        pthread 
        share our work!
    additional reqirements 
        move to develop branch 
        ...
    paper related 
        交互模式
        不同重点
        和普通的rigging区别
        possible projects? 
        share our work! 
        The project is about rigging, skinning and animating a given mesh.
    usage description 
        Hi welcom to my research project "immersive rigging". 
        0.let me show you how the system looks like.
            when the progrem starts, a [wall of buttons] is rendered in front of us. 
                A typical workflow is that: we first load a mesh , and then, define a skel. 
                    skinning with the skel. making some animations.
                That's to say, [from top to bottom].
            we can [use right hand controller] to choose the mode we would like to work in the vr env. 
                and left hand controller to perform the operations. 
                A [visual feedback] is imp. As you can see, when the ray emmiting from the right hand controller intersects 
                    with the button. Ii looks like that we are pushing the buttons.

        1.As a first step, a mesh should be loaded into the scene. This can be done by clicking here
            l_demo1/2/... The meshes are stored under CGV_DATA dir. 
            if a mesh is too large, we can perform an [automatic scale adjestment] by clicking on this scale_adjestment button,
                it will scale the mesh to the same hight as our headset by computing a factor and multiplies it to the current scale.
            additionally, we can rotate/translate a mesh by clicking here, rotation, trans. button 
                each time we press the button, the mesh will rotate 90 degree around the global y axis.
        ///rig 
        2.after that, we can add bone manuelly or load pre-defined skel. or the skel. we saved on disk.  
        lets load it first. 
        as you can see, there is a skel. placed in the middle of the mesh, we can modify it easily. 
            add bone: clicking the grip button on right hand to select "bone addition mode", then, we use left hand controller to add bones. 
                in detail, we have to select the parent bone first. when there is an intersection,   
            modify a bone: ...
            del bone:... touch on the left hand controller 
        ///skinning 
        3.after the bone is adjested, we can get the skel. skined with the pinnoccio library 
            in order to do so, we have to write the skel. to a external file will be feed to pinnoccio, so, click on grip button to do this. 
            then, we perfrom the skinning operation by ckicking this. This may take a well, it depends how camplex our skel. is. 
            after that, we have to apply the attachments to the mesh manuelly, those three steps can be merged to one if needed. 
        ///animation 
        4.let try to animate the mesh! 
            currently, a simple ccd algorithm is imp. the mesh can follow our movements. 
            to do this, we have select the end effectors of both hands, click on this on right hand, and touch on left hand. You should be 
            able to see such lines if ee selected successfully. 
            the same thing for right hand ee. 
            everything is done, we can start ccd now, click the touchpad on positive y axis on left hand controller to start. it will follow 
            our movements. 
        ///recording 
        5.if you wanna record the movements, you should click on recording button first. then, start ccd, and stop recording. to check, 
            you can load it again by this. look, it works! 
    formal report/ paper 
        // as a whole system 
            Title: Immersive Rigging, Skinning and Motion Capturing 
            Abstract
                The animation of 3d models through rigging and skinning usually involves sophisticated algorithms for fitting skeletons 
                into meshes and motion capturing to gather realistic movement data. Immersed in a VR environment the user finds himself 
                in a familiar coordinate space, where working with 3d models seems more intuitive. We present a simple yet effective 
                application for rigging skinning and motion capturing. Main contributions are: 
                    1. Interactive creation and manipulation of a skeleton in 3d space. (rigging)
                    2. fitting skeletons into meshes. (skinning)
                    3. Use controllers and trackers to animate the skinned mesh. (custom motion capturing algorithm)
                    4. Recording, saving and loading of animations.
            Related Work
            Motivation 
            Introduction 

            Our Approach
                
            Experiments
                human, animal, figure, man like 
            Discussion and Future work 
            Conclusion and Limitations


        //
            easyRigging-a fast rigging and skinning scheme in vr 

            keywords: rigging, skinning, virtual reality, ... 
            categ.: vr, vis papers 

            related works:


            main contribution:
                An intunitive rigging scheme which allows us to constru. a skel. very fast in vr 
                skinning method besed on heat diffusion, manipulation of the bone weights 


